### Notes

Since we know that there are $\binom{n}{3}$ possible teams, I 
initially tried to brute force it but was shown to be 
unsuccessful with $O(n^3)$ solutions such as with using 
`itertools.combinations(index, 3)` and with iterating with 
a triple nested for loop.

Apparently it used to be an ACed solution but they increased 
the test case parameters so that it wouldn't pass anymore.

#### Version 1 ACed Solution

Looking at potential solutions, we realize that the number of 
"teams" where the middle person is from any given index $i$ is 
the number of soldiers left that are greater times the number of 
soldiers right that are smaller (or vise versa since as long as it's 
EITHER strictly increasing or strictkly decreasing, it's a 
permitted team).

Thus, I used heaps to keep track of how many were greater and smaller, 
writing that to a list and iterated once more through the indices 
to yield my calculation.


**Final solution is $O(n^2)$**


#### Version 2 Solution - Improved Bottoms Up

This was a much more optimized version that skipped the 
heap-based identification from before. In verison 1, we iterated 
based off of the middle index, resulting in a lengthy process and 
multiple passes.

Instead, with this solution, we simply keep track of two DP arrays 
for the two possible team conditions ($a<b<c$ and $a>b>c$), using the 
outer loop as the "rightmost" value, and the inner loop as the "middle 
value." This allowed us to essentially do a bottoms up DP approach.


#### Note
Both versions are in theory bottoms up tabulation but one is just much 
more optimized and straight forwards.