
#### Version 1

In version 1, I just went with a straightforward counter approach. 
Since `Python` `Counter` objects have a built-in comparing method, 
I decided to simply use that. It's still technically $O(n)$ in total 
since the counter size will be at most 26 (since it's only counting) 
letters, but it's still less than ideal.

#### Version 2

In version 2, I swapped over to, while still using a counter, only 
committing a comparison for the values that are being updated. That is,
the values at the front of the window being added and the values
are the end of the window that are being dropped. We have to find a case 
where all values line up, so we iterate initially for the first `len(s1)` 
letters then proceed with only incremental updates from that point onwards.


#### Fun Testcase

When creating version 2, I encountered a rather fun test case:
```
s1 = "trinitrophenylmethylnitramine"
s2 = "dinitrophenylhydrazinetrinitrophenylmethylnitramine"
```

Clearly, `s1` matches the ending of `s2` exactly, but my original 
code for version 2 (the incomplete `v2`) was resulting in `False`. 
Eventually, I realized that the cause was that during addings and 
subtractions of the same letter, it would **cause match to increment by 2** 
due to the the "new values" equallying the expected values in `s1`'s counter. 
This would only happen when the values where originally the correct 
value when it occured.

I added the `if cL == cR : continue` check and that was resolved quickly 
(as a if the previous wasn't a solution and didn't return, then this clearly 
wouldn't be a solution either since it's equal in the letter counts).